docs/index.rst, before:

.. pgist documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Tue Oct 29 23:20:12 2013.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to Pgist
=================================

A Python command-line wrapper with github3.py library to access GitHub Gist.

Installation
------------
You can install with `pip`:

::

    pip install pgist --upgrade

Or with `easy_install`:

::

    easy_install -U pgist

Command
-------
To upload the contents of `a.py` just:

::

    pgist a.py

Upload multiple files:

::

    pgist a b c

Use `-p` to make the gist private:

::

    pgist a.py -p

Use `-d` to add a description:

::

    pgist -d "Say something" a.py

You can update existing gists with `-u`:

::

    pgist b.py c.py -u 2c93e03266634cd6e273

List your public gists:

::

    pgist -l

And list all contains private ones:

::

    pgist -l -A

See `pgist --help` for more detail.

Login
-----
If you want to associate your gists with your GitHub account, you need to login
with pgist. It doesn't store your username and password, it just uses them to get
an OAuth2 token (with the "gist" permission).

::

    pgist --login
    GitHub username(default is xxxxx): douglarek
    GitHub password for douglarek:
    Done ...

After you've done this, you can still upload gists anonymously with `-a`:

::

    pgist a.py -a

Thanks
------
* github3.py_ by Ian Cordasco.

License
-------
Licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. `Bug-reports, and pull requests`_ are welcome.

.. _github3.py: https://github.com/sigmavirus24/github3.py
.. _`Bug-reports, and pull requests`: https://github.com/douglarek/pgist

Commit message:

Check file input with click directly
I trust click since it works well in it, now pgist can accept stdin as file like this:

pgist -

type `ctrl+D` to end stdin and `ctrl+C` to abort.

docs/index.rst, after:

.. pgist documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Tue Oct 29 23:20:12 2013.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to Pgist
=================================

A Python command-line wrapper with github3.py library to access GitHub Gist.

Installation
------------
You can install with `pip`:

::

    pip install pgist -U

Or with `easy_install`:

::

    easy_install -U pgist

Command
-------
To upload the contents of `a.py` just:

::

    pgist a.py

Or you can accept stdin as a file like this:

::

    pgist -

type `ctrl+D` to end stdin and `ctrl+C` to abort.

Upload multiple files:

::

    pgist a b c

Use `-p` to make the gist private:

::

    pgist a.py -p

Use `-d` to add a description:

::

    pgist -d "Say something" a.py

You can update existing gists with `-u`:

::

    pgist b.py c.py -u 2c93e03266634cd6e273

List your public gists:

::

    pgist -l

And list all contains private ones:

::

    pgist -l -A

See `pgist --help` for more detail.

Login
-----
If you want to associate your gists with your GitHub account, you need to login
with pgist. It doesn't store your username and password, it just uses them to get
an OAuth2 token (with the "gist" permission).

::

    pgist --login
    GitHub username(default is xxxxx): douglarek
    GitHub password for douglarek:
    Done ...

After you've done this, you can still upload gists anonymously with `-a`:

::

    pgist a.py -a

Thanks
------
* github3.py_ by Ian Cordasco.

License
-------
Licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. `Bug-reports, and pull requests`_ are welcome.

.. _github3.py: https://github.com/sigmavirus24/github3.py
.. _`Bug-reports, and pull requests`: https://github.com/douglarek/pgist
